 note: does NOT change for every version of bom
 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     
 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   

  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the license.
 

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 
 Spring Data Cassandra
 Common release setup
 note: does NOT change for every version of bom
 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     
 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   

  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the license.
 

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 
 Spring Data Cassandra
 Common release setup

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License. 
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 no extension required
 no extension required
 More details about this plugin can be found here:
                 http://maven.apache.org/plugin-tools/maven-plugin-plugin/examples/using-annotations.html
             
 From JDK 9 onwards, the JAXB dependency needs to be made explicit
 More details about this plugin can be found here:
                 http://maven.apache.org/plugin-tools/maven-plugin-plugin/examples/using-annotations.html
             

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 fragment host and external dependencies

Copyright (c) 2009 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
set the default plugin rev
 $Id$

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Copyright (C) 2010 Sonatype, Inc.

Sonatype Inc, licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    <module>plexus-swizzle</module>
   

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

      2008.12.07 Oleg: reverted to 6.1.12 as http transport only works with that version | Please always sync with
      mercury-http-transport !!
   
set the default plugin rev

      <plugin>
        <artifactId>maven-remote-resources-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>1.0-alpha-2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <goals>
              <goal>process</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <resourceBundles>
                <resourceBundle>org.apache:apache-jar-resource-bundle:1.1.1-SNAPSHOT</resourceBundle>
              </resourceBundles>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  ~ Copyright 2005-2006 The Apache Software Foundation.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 TODO: dummy version. In Maven 2.1, this will be auto-versioned being a generic parent

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.

 
   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/project/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 954415 $
   $Date: 2010-06-14 13:45:02 +0200 (Mon, 14 Jun 2010) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.

 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/httpcore/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.

 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/project/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 889371 $
   $Date: 2009-12-10 20:02:13 +0100 (Thu, 10 Dec 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible

Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
plugin>
        <artifactId>maven-surefire-report-plugin</artifactId>
      </plugi

    
    Until the bug is fixed in Maven which is pulling in the trunk to the
    appserver build.
    <module>plexus-appserver</module>
   

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 Inject Bean container

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
   
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
   
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

  ~ Copyright 2005-2006 The Apache Software Foundation.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Activate to create the release bundle
 Used for the copyright

                          | bootclasspath required by Sun's JVM
                       

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 * distributed with this work for additional information
 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 * specific language governing permissions and limitations
 * under the License. 
 *

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 Copyright 2011-2012 Bull S.A.S.
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2012 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2013 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

<module>slf4j-scala-api</module

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 fragment host and external dependencies

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 $Id$

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/httpcore/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx
 Activate to create the release bundle

                          | bootclasspath required by Sun's JVM
                       

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 * distributed with this work for additional information
 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 * specific language governing permissions and limitations
 * under the License. 
 *

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2012 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx
modules>
    <module>plexus-cli</module>
    <module>plexus-digest</module>
    <module>plexus-i18n</module>
    <module>plexus-interactivity</module>
    <module>plexus-resources</module>
    <module>plexus-velocity</module>
  </module
 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.



        Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
        contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
        this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
        The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
        (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
        the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

        Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
        distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
        WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
        See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
        limitations under the License.

   

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 this is temporarily copied from the parent pom.  remove this section when that is used

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 NOTE: These dependency declarations are only required to sort this project to the
         end of the line in the multimodule build.
   

        <parent>
            <groupId>com.vladsch.pom</groupId>
            <artifactId>central-pom</artifactId>
            <version>0.3.0</version>
        </parent>
   

            Both "org.apache" and "org.codehaus" are default providers of MOJO plugins
            which are especially dedicated to Maven projects.
            The MOJO stands for "Maven plain Old Java Object".
            Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a plugin is a distribution of
            one or more related mojos.
            For more information see http://maven.apache.org/plugin-developers/index.html

            The following plugins are ordered according the Maven build lifecycle.
            http://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html
           
 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>
 Define the version of OPEN HTML TO PDF in the properties section of your POM.

! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.


! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


* © 2016 and later: Unicode, Inc. and others.
* License & terms of use: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html#License
*******************************************************************************
* Copyright (C) 2010-2016, International Business Machines Corporation and    *
* others. All Rights Reserved.                                                *
*******************************************************************************
 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 url used only for inheritance

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 set versions of common plugins for reproducibility, ordered alphabetically

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

        Required for OSGI
       
module>extras/gwt</modul

  <repositories>
    <repository>
      <id>oss.sonatype.org</id>
      <name>Jetty Snapshot Repository</name>
      <layout>default</layout>
      <url>http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/jetty-snapshots/</url>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
   </repository>
  </repositories> 
  <pluginRepositories>
    <pluginRepository>
      <id>oss.sonatype.org</id>
      <name>Jetty Snapshot Plugin Repository</name>
      <layout>default</layout>
      <url>http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/jetty-snapshots/</url>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
   </pluginRepository>
  </pluginRepositories>
 

        Required for OSGI
       

        Required for OSGI
       

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage
 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 NOTE: These dependency declarations are only required to sort this project to the
         end of the line in the multimodule build.
   
 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>
 Define the version of OPEN HTML TO PDF in the properties section of your POM.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

        Required for OSGI
       

        Required for OSGI
       

        Required for OSGI
       

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

* © 2016 and later: Unicode, Inc. and others.
* License & terms of use: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html#License
*******************************************************************************
* Copyright (C) 2010-2016, International Business Machines Corporation and    *
* others. All Rights Reserved.                                                *
*******************************************************************************

! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 Commenting these so they don't run when I try to release this parent POM.
     I'll uncomment again once the release is done.
  <modules>
    <module>plexus-archiver</module>
    <module>plexus-cli</module>
    <module>plexus-compiler</module>
    <module>plexus-digest</module>
    <module>plexus-i18n</module>
    <module>plexus-interactivity</module>
    <module>plexus-interpolation</module>
    <module>plexus-io</module>
    <module>plexus-resources</module>
    <module>plexus-swizzle</module>
    <module>plexus-velocity</module>
  </modules>

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 
 Check whether we comply with the interfaces of JCL 1.1.1
  <reporting>
    <plugins>
      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId>
        <artifactId>clirr-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <configuration>
          <comparisonArtifacts>            
            <comparisonArtifact>
              <groupId>commons-logging</groupId>
              <artifactId>commons-logging</artifactId>
              <version>1.1.1</version>
            </comparisonArtifact>
          </comparisonArtifacts>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </reporting>
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 WATCH OUT duplicate compiler blocks confuses this plugin
 this is used for inheritance merges

  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

      Make sure maven.repo.local is passed through to the tests if set or the tests will fail to resolve artifacts
      (c.f. SUREFIRE-491).
     

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 WATCH OUT duplicate compiler blocks confuses this plugin
 this is used for inheritance merges

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 this is used for inheritance merges

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

            Both "org.apache" and "org.codehaus" are default providers of MOJO plugins
            which are especially dedicated to Maven projects.
            The MOJO stands for "Maven plain Old Java Object".
            Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a plugin is a distribution of
            one or more related mojos.
            For more information see http://maven.apache.org/plugin-developers/index.html

            The following plugins are ordered according the Maven build lifecycle.
            http://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html
           

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 
 Check whether we comply with the interfaces of JCL 1.1.1
  <reporting>
    <plugins>
      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId>
        <artifactId>clirr-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <configuration>
          <comparisonArtifacts>            
            <comparisonArtifact>
              <groupId>commons-logging</groupId>
              <artifactId>commons-logging</artifactId>
              <version>1.1.1</version>
            </comparisonArtifact>
          </comparisonArtifacts>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </reporting>
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 this is used for inheritance merges

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 
Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

      2008.12.07 Oleg: reverted to 6.1.12 as http transport only works with that version | Please always sync with
      mercury-http-transport !!
   
set the default plugin rev
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 
Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 $Id: pom.xml 8792 2010-09-30 20:11:06Z bentmann $
 $Id: pom.xml 8624 2010-01-30 22:45:48Z bentmann $

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version
  2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
  applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
  the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
  OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx
 $Id$

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation
 Full project metadata
 Minimal project metadata, for more see parent/pom.xml
 Full metadata

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 
 needed only for annotations
 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   

Copyright (c) 2006 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 needed only for annotations
 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 Signatures cannot be determined and will error unless excluded.  This is isolated to
               code otherwise already marked for removal in the module artifact.
 used in integration testing

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-enforcer-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.0.0-M2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <id>enforce-maven</id>
            <goals>
              <goal>enforce</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <rules>
                <requireMavenVersion>
                  <version>3.0</version>
                </requireMavenVersion>
              </rules>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     
 needed only for annotations
 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation

     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   

 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation
 $Id$

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
 Signatures cannot be determined and will error unless excluded.  This is isolated to
               code otherwise already marked for removal in the module artifact.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-enforcer-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.0.0-M2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <id>enforce-maven</id>
            <goals>
              <goal>enforce</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <rules>
                <requireMavenVersion>
                  <version>3.0</version>
                </requireMavenVersion>
              </rules>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     
 needed only for annotations

    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.
 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 Must be after log4j-over-slf4j:
         * we want to use the classes from log4j-over-slf4j (so it must come first);
         * we want to use log4j.dtd from log4j.
 slf4j.version property is used below, in
         logback-classic/pom.xml and in setClasspath.cmd 
   
 ConsoleAppenderTest redirects System.out which is not well tolerated by Maven

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the license.
 

  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the license.
 


    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 
ciManagement>
        <system>jenkins</system>
        <url>https://snakeyaml.ci.cloudbees.com/job/SnakeYAML/</url>
    </ciManagemen
 OSGi test


    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2014 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 


    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 
 Dependency versions
 ****************


    Copyright (c) 2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
    terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0
    which accompanies this distribution.
    The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
    and the Eclipse Distribution License is available at
    http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php.

    Contributors:
        Lukas Jungmann - initial implementation

 this is the license under which javassist is usually distributed
     

      There are several build profiles available:
      - extras: Creates additional artifacts containing source files and javadoc. (activated on release)
      - gpg: Sign all artifacts using gpg. (activated on release)
      - checks: Applies style checks to the source files. (activated by default, activated on release)
      - integration: Runs additional unit tests and executes static code analysis (activated on CI server)
      - android: Builds an Android test application. An Android SDK is required for doing so. (excluded from release)

      It is also possible to build Byte Buddy against a specific byte code level. By default, Byte Buddy is Java 5 compatible
      but requires Java 6 to build and to run tests: By activating a profile javaX where X is a specific version number,
      tests and source are compiled to a differing byte code level.

      Additionally, the following reports are available via Maven:
      - jacoco:prepare-agent verify jacoco:report - Computes coverage for test suite (all modules)
      - org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage - Runs mutation tests (all modules)
      - spotbugs:spotbugs spotbugs:gui - Runs spotbugs and shows a report in a graphical interface (module specific)
      - com.github.ferstl:jitwatch-jarscan-maven-plugin:scan - Finds all methods above HotSpot's inlining threshold
      - clirr:check - Checks for binary changes in the API
   
 Without the -nouses BND directive, the org.jboss.jandex export will get the optional 
                        ant packages in a "uses" clause.
 ****************
 Licensing
 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   
 Persistence providers


	Global parent pom.xml for Spring Data modules to inherit from.

	- Shared resources are pulled in from the spring-data-build-resources dependency (images, CSS, XSLTs for documentation generation)
	- Renders reference documentation from Asciidoctor file named index.adoc within src/main/asciidoc
	- In the "distribute" profile, an assembly is generated:
	  - one to be uploaded to static.springsource.org (incl. javadoc (browsable), reference docs as described before)

	Preconfigures the following:

	- Logging dependencies: SLF4j + Commons Logging bridge and Logback as test dependency
	- Test dependencies: JUnit / Hamcrest / Mockito
	- Dependency versions for commonly used dependencies


  Project Reactor
 CDI
 Spring
 You need a running redis+sentinel for all tests, therefore disabled by default

  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 
 use the same values in ../pom.xml
 use the same value in ../pom.xml

  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 
 see 'staging' profile for dry-run deployment settings
 With Jackson 2.9 we will require JDK 7 (except for annotations/streaming),
         and new language features (diamond pattern) may be used.
         JDK classes are still loaded dynamically since there isn't much downside
         (small number of types); this allows use on JDK 6 platforms still (including
         Android)
     
 by default, assume Automatic Module Name can use same package as one
         that contains `PackageVersion` class: works for all extension modules
        (but some core components require override)
     
 this is one of few Jackson modules that depends on parent and NOT jackson-bom
 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     
 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   
 For 2.9.2 and beyond, new parent pom; extends jackson-bom
 explicitly target JDK 8
 NOTE: `dependencyManagement` comes from jackson-bom since 2.8.5
 Java8 takes Javadoc-Nazi attitude, insert some sanity here
 explicitly target JDK 8

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  ~ Hibernate Validator, declare and validate application constraints
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 

  ~ Hibernate Validator, declare and validate application constraints
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 
 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The module section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-bom:current}

 {x-version-update:gax-bom:current}

 SLF4J

 Exclude client engine since it is not user facing API

 staging.server.url is set by the build environment profile

 Flow

 starters

 Spring Data Cosmos DB library


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 note: does NOT change for every version of bom

 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     

 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   


  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the license.
 


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

 Spring Data Cassandra

 Common release setup


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License. 
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 no extension required

 no extension required

 More details about this plugin can be found here:
                 http://maven.apache.org/plugin-tools/maven-plugin-plugin/examples/using-annotations.html
             

 From JDK 9 onwards, the JAXB dependency needs to be made explicit

 More details about this plugin can be found here:
                 http://maven.apache.org/plugin-tools/maven-plugin-plugin/examples/using-annotations.html
             


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 fragment host and external dependencies


Copyright (c) 2009 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

set the default plugin rev

 $Id$


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright (C) 2010 Sonatype, Inc.

Sonatype Inc, licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    <module>plexus-swizzle</module>
   


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


      2008.12.07 Oleg: reverted to 6.1.12 as http transport only works with that version | Please always sync with
      mercury-http-transport !!
   

set the default plugin rev


      <plugin>
        <artifactId>maven-remote-resources-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>1.0-alpha-2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <goals>
              <goal>process</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <resourceBundles>
                <resourceBundle>org.apache:apache-jar-resource-bundle:1.1.1-SNAPSHOT</resourceBundle>
              </resourceBundles>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  ~ Copyright 2005-2006 The Apache Software Foundation.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 TODO: dummy version. In Maven 2.1, this will be auto-versioned being a generic parent


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 
   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/project/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 954415 $
   $Date: 2010-06-14 13:45:02 +0200 (Mon, 14 Jun 2010) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.


 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/httpcore/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/project/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 889371 $
   $Date: 2009-12-10 20:02:13 +0100 (Thu, 10 Dec 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible


Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

plugin>
        <artifactId>maven-surefire-report-plugin</artifactId>
      </plugi


    
    Until the bug is fixed in Maven which is pulling in the trunk to the
    appserver build.
    <module>plexus-appserver</module>
   


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 Inject Bean container


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
   
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
   
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


  ~ Copyright 2005-2006 The Apache Software Foundation.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


 Activate to create the release bundle

 Used for the copyright


                          | bootclasspath required by Sun's JVM
                       


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 * distributed with this work for additional information
 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 * specific language governing permissions and limitations
 * under the License. 
 *


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 Copyright 2011-2012 Bull S.A.S.
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 surefire requires plexus-utils to be jdk 1.3 compatible


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2012 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2013 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


<module>slf4j-scala-api</module


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 fragment host and external dependencies

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

 $Id$


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 
   $HeadURL: https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpcomponents/httpcore/tags/4.0.1/httpcore/pom.xml $
   $Revision: 786183 $
   $Date: 2009-06-18 19:52:53 +0200 (Thu, 18 Jun 2009) $

   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.

 Activate to create the release bundle

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx


                          | bootclasspath required by Sun's JVM
                       


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 * distributed with this work for additional information
 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 * specific language governing permissions and limitations
 * under the License. 
 *


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2012 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

modules>
    <module>plexus-cli</module>
    <module>plexus-digest</module>
    <module>plexus-i18n</module>
    <module>plexus-interactivity</module>
    <module>plexus-resources</module>
    <module>plexus-velocity</module>
  </module

 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
    (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




        Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
        contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
        this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
        The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
        (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
        the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

        Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
        distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
        WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
        See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
        limitations under the License.

   


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

 this is temporarily copied from the parent pom.  remove this section when that is used


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 NOTE: These dependency declarations are only required to sort this project to the
         end of the line in the multimodule build.
   


        <parent>
            <groupId>com.vladsch.pom</groupId>
            <artifactId>central-pom</artifactId>
            <version>0.3.0</version>
        </parent>
   


            Both "org.apache" and "org.codehaus" are default providers of MOJO plugins
            which are especially dedicated to Maven projects.
            The MOJO stands for "Maven plain Old Java Object".
            Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a plugin is a distribution of
            one or more related mojos.
            For more information see http://maven.apache.org/plugin-developers/index.html

            The following plugins are ordered according the Maven build lifecycle.
            http://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html
           

 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>

 Define the version of OPEN HTML TO PDF in the properties section of your POM.


! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.



! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



* © 2016 and later: Unicode, Inc. and others.
* License & terms of use: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html#License
*******************************************************************************
* Copyright (C) 2010-2016, International Business Machines Corporation and    *
* others. All Rights Reserved.                                                *
*******************************************************************************

 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 url used only for inheritance


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 set versions of common plugins for reproducibility, ordered alphabetically


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


        Required for OSGI
       

module>extras/gwt</modul


  <repositories>
    <repository>
      <id>oss.sonatype.org</id>
      <name>Jetty Snapshot Repository</name>
      <layout>default</layout>
      <url>http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/jetty-snapshots/</url>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
   </repository>
  </repositories> 
  <pluginRepositories>
    <pluginRepository>
      <id>oss.sonatype.org</id>
      <name>Jetty Snapshot Plugin Repository</name>
      <layout>default</layout>
      <url>http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/jetty-snapshots/</url>
      <snapshots>
        <enabled>true</enabled>
      </snapshots>
      <releases>
        <enabled>false</enabled>
      </releases>
   </pluginRepository>
  </pluginRepositories>
 


        Required for OSGI
       


        Required for OSGI
       


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 Upgrade to transitive dependency of 'plexus-io' which is JDK 5+ only.


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~
  ~  Copyright 2001-2006 The Codehaus Foundation.
  ~
  ~  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~  limitations under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 NOTE: These dependency declarations are only required to sort this project to the
         end of the line in the multimodule build.
   

 Define the version of OPEN HTML TO PDF in the properties section of your POM.

 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright 2001-2006 Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.    


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific collectionsuage governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


        Required for OSGI
       


        Required for OSGI
       


        Required for OSGI
       


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


* © 2016 and later: Unicode, Inc. and others.
* License & terms of use: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html#License
*******************************************************************************
* Copyright (C) 2010-2016, International Business Machines Corporation and    *
* others. All Rights Reserved.                                                *
*******************************************************************************


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


! Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
! contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
! this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
! The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
! (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
! the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
!
!      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
!
! Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
! distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
! WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
! See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
! limitations under the License.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 Commenting these so they don't run when I try to release this parent POM.
     I'll uncomment again once the release is done.
  <modules>
    <module>plexus-archiver</module>
    <module>plexus-cli</module>
    <module>plexus-compiler</module>
    <module>plexus-digest</module>
    <module>plexus-i18n</module>
    <module>plexus-interactivity</module>
    <module>plexus-interpolation</module>
    <module>plexus-io</module>
    <module>plexus-resources</module>
    <module>plexus-swizzle</module>
    <module>plexus-velocity</module>
  </modules>


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

 Check whether we comply with the interfaces of JCL 1.1.1
  <reporting>
    <plugins>
      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId>
        <artifactId>clirr-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <configuration>
          <comparisonArtifacts>            
            <comparisonArtifact>
              <groupId>commons-logging</groupId>
              <artifactId>commons-logging</artifactId>
              <version>1.1.1</version>
            </comparisonArtifact>
          </comparisonArtifacts>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </reporting>
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 WATCH OUT duplicate compiler blocks confuses this plugin

 this is used for inheritance merges


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 


      Make sure maven.repo.local is passed through to the tests if set or the tests will fail to resolve artifacts
      (c.f. SUREFIRE-491).
     

 WATCH OUT duplicate compiler blocks confuses this plugin


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 this is used for inheritance merges


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 this is used for inheritance merges


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


            Both "org.apache" and "org.codehaus" are default providers of MOJO plugins
            which are especially dedicated to Maven projects.
            The MOJO stands for "Maven plain Old Java Object".
            Each mojo is an executable goal in Maven, and a plugin is a distribution of
            one or more related mojos.
            For more information see http://maven.apache.org/plugin-developers/index.html

            The following plugins are ordered according the Maven build lifecycle.
            http://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html
           


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

 Check whether we comply with the interfaces of JCL 1.1.1
  <reporting>
    <plugins>
      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId>
        <artifactId>clirr-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <configuration>
          <comparisonArtifacts>            
            <comparisonArtifact>
              <groupId>commons-logging</groupId>
              <artifactId>commons-logging</artifactId>
              <version>1.1.1</version>
            </comparisonArtifact>
          </comparisonArtifacts>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </reporting>
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 this is used for inheritance merges


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 
Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


      2008.12.07 Oleg: reverted to 6.1.12 as http transport only works with that version | Please always sync with
      mercury-http-transport !!
   

set the default plugin rev

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage

 
Copyright (c) 2008 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0, 
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0. 
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an 
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 $Id: pom.xml 8792 2010-09-30 20:11:06Z bentmann $

 $Id: pom.xml 8624 2010-01-30 22:45:48Z bentmann $


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version
  2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
  applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
  the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
  OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx

 $Id$


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

 Full project metadata

 Minimal project metadata, for more see parent/pom.xml

 Full metadata


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation


Copyright The Codehaus Foundation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 

 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   


Copyright (c) 2006 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 Signatures cannot be determined and will error unless excluded.  This is isolated to
               code otherwise already marked for removal in the module artifact.

 used in integration testing


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-enforcer-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.0.0-M2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <id>enforce-maven</id>
            <goals>
              <goal>enforce</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <rules>
                <requireMavenVersion>
                  <version>3.0</version>
                </requireMavenVersion>
              </rules>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     

 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at 
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE
    file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
    governing permissions and limitations under the License.
 


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2015 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Stuart McCulloch (Sonatype, Inc.) - initial API and implementation

 $Id$


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   

 mono-module doesn't require site:stage


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 Signatures cannot be determined and will error unless excluded.  This is isolated to
               code otherwise already marked for removal in the module artifact.


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-enforcer-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>3.0.0-M2</version>
        <executions>
          <execution>
            <id>enforce-maven</id>
            <goals>
              <goal>enforce</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
              <rules>
                <requireMavenVersion>
                  <version>3.0</version>
                </requireMavenVersion>
              </rules>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
     

 needed only for annotations

 olamy: exclude files with strange names as failed here on osx


    Author: Lasse Collin <lasse.collin@tukaani.org>

    This file has been put into the public domain.
    You can do whatever you want with this file.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Must be after log4j-over-slf4j:
         * we want to use the classes from log4j-over-slf4j (so it must come first);
         * we want to use log4j.dtd from log4j.

 slf4j.version property is used below, in
         logback-classic/pom.xml and in setClasspath.cmd 
   

 ConsoleAppenderTest redirects System.out which is not well tolerated by Maven


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the license.
 


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the license.
 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

ciManagement>
        <system>jenkins</system>
        <url>https://snakeyaml.ci.cloudbees.com/job/SnakeYAML/</url>
    </ciManagemen


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version
    2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
    the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
    OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
    License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    Copyright 2010 FuseSource Corp. 

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


	    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
	    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
	    distributed with this work for additional information
	    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
	    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
	    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
	    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

	     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

	    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
	    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
	    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
	    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
	    specific language governing permissions and limitations
	    under the License.



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 With Jackson 2.9 we will require JDK 7 (except for annotations/streaming),
         and new language features (diamond pattern) may be used.
         JDK classes are still loaded dynamically since there isn't much downside
         (small number of types); this allows use on JDK 6 platforms still (including
         Android)
     

 by default, assume Automatic Module Name can use same package as one
         that contains `PackageVersion` class: works for all extension modules
        (but some core components require override)
     

 this is one of few Jackson modules that depends on parent and NOT jackson-bom

 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     

 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   

 For 2.9.2 and beyond, new parent pom; extends jackson-bom



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Java8 takes Javadoc-Nazi attitude, insert some sanity here

 NOTE: `dependencyManagement` comes from jackson-bom since 2.8.5


    These groovy scripts are used later in this POM file to generate
    source files and resources for the library itself and for the
    testsuite.
   


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 nexus-staging-maven-plugin


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 Dependency versions

 ****************


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2016 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2016 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2014 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

 OSGi test

 Activate PGP signing only when performing a release


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 



    Copyright DataStax, Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright DataStax, Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 override plexus-compiler-javac-errorprone's dependency on
                         Error Prone with the latest version


      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.sonatype.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>nexus-staging-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>1.4.4</version>
        <extensions>true</extensions>
        <configuration>
          <serverId>sonatype-nexus-staging</serverId>
          <nexusUrl>https://oss.sonatype.org</nexusUrl>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
     

 Alternate execution to generate the native JAR's manifest


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  - OW2 Consortium
  - Copyright (C) 2007-2011 Bull S.A.S.
  - Contact: technology-coucil@ow2.org
  -
  - This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
  - modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
  - License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
  - version 2.1 of the License, or any later version.
  -
  - This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  - but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  - MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  - Lesser General Public License for more details.
  -
  - You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  - License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
  - Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307
  - USA
  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 Quickstart & Common Reference:

     - run all tests (unit & int): mvn test
     - run only unit tests: mvn test -Dunit
     - compile and build: mvn package
     - build and install into ~/.m2: mvn install
     - skip tests on install or package add -Dmaven.test.skip
     - stage & close (but not release) on maven central: mvn clean deploy
       note that -SNAPSHOT is not allowed on deploy

   



    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenTracing Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenTracing Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.


 Required Dependencies

 Build does not work on Java 9 or later as Java 5 is not a valid target

 and for testing we need databin

 all dataformats extend core so just include here

 Extends Jackson core, databind (optional); uses SnakeYAML for parsing, generation

 all dataformats extend core so just include here

 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 Needs updated version of animal sniffer plugin
                    <execution>
                        <id>check-test-signature</id>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>test-check</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                   

 HPPC-144: esoteric combinations.

 Override in subprojects.


  ~ Licensed to Ted Dunning under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org/>.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    Copyright (c) 2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
    terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0
    which accompanies this distribution.
    The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
    and the Eclipse Distribution License is available at
    http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php.

    Contributors:
        Lukas Jungmann - initial implementation


 this is the license under which javassist is usually distributed
     


      There are several build profiles available:
      - extras: Creates additional artifacts containing source files and javadoc. (activated on release)
      - gpg: Sign all artifacts using gpg. (activated on release)
      - checks: Applies style checks to the source files. (activated by default, activated on release)
      - integration: Runs additional unit tests and executes static code analysis (activated on CI server)
      - android: Builds an Android test application. An Android SDK is required for doing so. (excluded from release)

      It is also possible to build Byte Buddy against a specific byte code level. By default, Byte Buddy is Java 5 compatible
      but requires Java 6 to build and to run tests: By activating a profile javaX where X is a specific version number,
      tests and source are compiled to a differing byte code level.

      Additionally, the following reports are available via Maven:
      - jacoco:prepare-agent verify jacoco:report - Computes coverage for test suite (all modules)
      - org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage - Runs mutation tests (all modules)
      - spotbugs:spotbugs spotbugs:gui - Runs spotbugs and shows a report in a graphical interface (module specific)
      - com.github.ferstl:jitwatch-jarscan-maven-plugin:scan - Finds all methods above HotSpot's inlining threshold
      - clirr:check - Checks for binary changes in the API
   

 Without the -nouses BND directive, the org.jboss.jandex export will get the optional 
                        ant packages in a "uses" clause.

 ****************

 Licensing

 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 

 See http://java.dzone.com/articles/deploy-maven-central and http://central.sonatype.org/pages/apache-maven.html


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 

 Compile dependencies

 You need a running redis+sentinel for all tests, therefore disabled by default


  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 use the same values in ../pom.xml

 use the same value in ../pom.xml

 explicitly target JDK 8

 explicitly target JDK 8


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  ~ Hibernate Validator, declare and validate application constraints
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 


  ~ Hibernate Validator, declare and validate application constraints
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 

 Model Information


  vi:ts=2:sw=2:expandtab:


  vi:ts=2:sw=2:expandtab:

 vi:ts=2:sw=2:expandtab:


  ~ Bean Validation API
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 

 Javadoc adds /apidocs to this URL when it tries to find Javadocs. Make it happy.


		Parent POM for Atteo.
		Usage:
			In addition to setting this POM as parent POM for your project please:
			1. Modify <scm>

			Additionally when using for non open source project:
			1. Modify <license>
			2. Modify <netbeans.hint.license>
			3. Modify <distributionManagement>

		This POM contains:
		- newest versions of commonly used Maven plugins
			To check for updates execute: mvn versions:display-plugin-updates
			Note: stopped working with Nexus as a proxy, shows no updates, disable Nexus proxy before execution
		- newest versions of commonly used libraries
			To check for updates execute: mvn versions:display-dependency-updates
		- distributionManagement for oss.sonatype.org
		- source, javadoc and signature attachment during release
		- compilation with javaee-endorsed-api as bootclasspath dependency



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   Apache Maven 2 POM generated by Apache Ivy
   http://ant.apache.org/ivy/
   Apache Ivy version: 2.3.0 20130110142753

 Stax API jar is needed; 1.0-2 seems to be the last "official"
         version prior to JDK 6 that bundles API
     

 General information


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 
/* 
* DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER. 
* 
* Copyright 2010-2011 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
* 
* The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU 
* General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development 
* and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You 
* may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You can obtain 
* a copy of the License at https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL.html 
* or glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific 
* language governing permissions and limitations under the License. 
* 
* When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each 
* file and include the License file at glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt. 
* Sun designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath" exception 
* as provided by Sun in the GPL Version 2 section of the License file that 
* accompanied this code.  If applicable, add the following below the License 
* Header, with the fields enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own 
* identifying information: "Portions Copyrighted [year] 
* [name of copyright owner]" 
* 
* Contributor(s): 
* 
* If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or 
* only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
* elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL 
* Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a 
* recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under 
* either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to 
* its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code 
* and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies 
* only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright 
* holder. 
*/ 

 
/* 
* DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER. 
* 
* Copyright 1997-2007 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
* 
* The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU 
* General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development 
* and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You 
* may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You can obtain 
* a copy of the License at https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL.html 
* or glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific 
* language governing permissions and limitations under the License. 
* 
* When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each 
* file and include the License file at glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt. 
* Sun designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath" exception 
* as provided by Sun in the GPL Version 2 section of the License file that 
* accompanied this code.  If applicable, add the following below the License 
* Header, with the fields enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own 
* identifying information: "Portions Copyrighted [year] 
* [name of copyright owner]" 
* 
* Contributor(s): 
* 
* If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or 
* only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor] 
* elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL 
* Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a 
* recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under 
* either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to 
* its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code 
* and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies 
* only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright 
* holder. 
*/ 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 this is the license under which javassist is usually distributed
     



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.

 all modules use junit for testing

 From JDK 9 onwards, the JAXB dependency needs to be made explicit



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 include the source files in our main jar for use by GWT

This plugin's configuration is used to store Eclipse m2e settings 
          only. It has no influence on the Maven build itself.


  ~ =============================================================================
  ~
  ~   Copyright (c) 2011-2018, The THYMELEAF team (http://www.thymeleaf.org)
  ~
  ~   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~   You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~   limitations under the License.
  ~
  ~ =============================================================================
 


  ~ =============================================================================
  ~
  ~   Copyright (c) 2011-2018, The THYMELEAF team (http://www.thymeleaf.org)
  ~
  ~   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~   You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~   limitations under the License.
  ~
  ~ =============================================================================
 

 ============================================================================

 =========================================================================

 =========================================================================

 this is the license under which javassist is usually distributed
     



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 Testing

 Testing

 Testing

 For module that has different relative path to the root dir, project.rootdir should be redefined in its
        module pom file

 note: does NOT change for every version of bom


  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the license.
 

Cloud Foundry suppor


ApplicationInsights-Java
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation
All rights reserved.

MIT License
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2011 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2012 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



   Copyright 2013 Stephen Connolly.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 			<plugin>

 configure plugin to use MANIFEST.MF
                        	generated by maven-bundle-plugin

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 <module>../commons</module>

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 <module>../commons</module>

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 <module>../commons</module>

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 ONLY NEEDED With jdk 1.7+

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 			<plugin>

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license


			<plugin>  updated on 29/07/2015 
				<groupId>org.sonatype.plugins</groupId>
				<artifactId>nexus-staging-maven-plugin</artifactId>
				<version>1.6.3</version>
				<extensions>true</extensions>
				<configuration>
					<serverId>ossrh</serverId>
					<nexusUrl>https://oss.sonatype.org/</nexusUrl>
					<autoReleaseAfterClose>true</autoReleaseAfterClose>
				</configuration>
			</plugin>
	

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 updated on 29/07/2015

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.

 Using the eclipse compiler allows for different source and target,
                            which is a good thing (outweighing that this is a rarely used combination,
                            and most people use javac) This should also allow us to run maven builds
                            on a JRE and not a JDK.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.

 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI


 Copyright (C) 2012 Square, Inc.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 Compilation

 Dependencies

 Compilation

 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.

 Copyright Microsoft Corporation Licensed under the Apache License, Version 
	2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with 
	the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed 
	under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES 
	OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for 
	the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


 Copyright Microsoft Corporation

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


 Copyright Microsoft Corporation

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


 Copyright Microsoft Corporation
 
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 Spring

 Spring

 These are typically overridden with BOMs


  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 Project dependencies

 Dependencies

 staging.server.url is set by the build environment profile

 Atmosphere

 jetty 9.3.x requires jdk8 or higher

 Note: use classifier=sources rather than type=java-sources so they're added to the classpath


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>



    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright (C) 2015-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 Project dependencies

 Dependencies for the demo

 Should be overridden in child modules

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the test

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the test

 Dependencies for the demo


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2009-2013 Roland Huss
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2009-2013 Roland Huss
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2009-2013 Roland Huss
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The module section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

 needed only for annotations

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

 Set nonstandard source and test source dirs

 Activate to create the release bundle

 Used for the copyright

 General information

 General information


  <distributionManagement>
    <repository>
      <id>codehaus.org</id>
      <name>jettison Central Repository</name>
      <url>dav:https://dav.codehaus.org/repository/jettison/</url>
    </repository>
    <snapshotRepository>
      <id>codehaus.org</id>
      <name>jettison Central Development Repository</name>
      <url>dav:https://dav.codehaus.org/snapshots.repository/jettison/</url>
    </snapshotRepository>
    <site>
      <id>codehaus.org</id>
      <url>dav:https://dav.codehaus.org/jettison/</url>
    </site>
  </distributionManagement>
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



    Inherit from the ANTLR master pom, which tells us what
    version we are and allows us to inherit dependencies
    and so on.
   


        The ANTLR Maven artifacts are now released via the Sonotype OSS
        repository, which means that they are synced to Maven central 
        within a few minutes of hitting the release repo for Sonotype.
        To enable this, we inherit from the Sonotype provided parent
        pom. However, we must also configure our .m2/settings.xml to include
        the snapshot and staging server and the sonotype password. This 
        means that only ANTLR developers can released the artifacts, but
        anyone can build locally.
     


        The version number defined here in the version tag indicates how the
        jar is named and released. When it ends with SNAPSHOT, it will be stored
        in your local repository (~/m2 on UNIX) as stringtemplate-X.Y-SNAPSHOT, but
        will be deplyed to the ANTLR snapshot repository at antlr.org with the word
        SNAPSHOT replaced with the the data, time and unique number.
   


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



     Copyright (C) 2006 Joe Walnes.
     Copyright (C) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 XStream committers.
     All rights reserved.
     
     The software in this package is published under the terms of the BSD
     style license a copy of which has been included with this distribution in
     the LICENSE.txt file.
     
     Created on 29. July 2006 by Mauro Talevi
    


     Copyright (C) 2006 Joe Walnes.
     Copyright (C) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017 XStream committers.
     All rights reserved.
     
     The software in this package is published under the terms of the BSD
     style license a copy of which has been included with this distribution in
     the LICENSE.txt file.
     
     Created on 29. July 2006 by Mauro Talevi
    


  <scm>
    <connection>scm:svn:https://jsr311.dev.java.net/svn/jsr311/trunk/src</connection>
    <developerConnection>scm:svn:https://jsr311.dev.java.net/svn/jsr311/trunk/src</developerConnection>
  </scm>



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   


Copyright (c) 2006 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.

 Ignore we have Iterable extending Iterable for now


   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 

 Version will be automatically replaced



    Copyright 2010-2018 Boxfuse GmbH

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




    Copyright 2010-2018 Boxfuse GmbH

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 Spring Framework

 To skip all tests, pass -Dmaven.test.skip=true on the command line. Alternatively, pass
             -DskipITs=true to skip only the integration tests, or -DskipUTs=true to only skip the
             unit tests.



       Copyright 2015-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.




       Copyright 2015-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.




       Copyright 2010-2017 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.


 Core

 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 6 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6)
     

 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the license.
 



       Copyright 2015-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.




       Copyright 2009-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.




       Copyright 2010-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.



  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright (C) 2014 jsonwebtoken.io
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 Dependencies


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


   Copyright (C) 2009, Google Inc.
   Copyright (C) 2009, Igor Fedorenko <igor@ifedorenko.com>
   Copyright (C) 2008, Imran M Yousuf <imyousuf@smartitengineering.com>
   Copyright (C) 2010, Matthias Sohn <matthias.sohn@sap.com>
   and other copyright owners as documented in the project's IP log.

   This program and the accompanying materials are made available
   under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
   accompanies this distribution, is reproduced below, and is
   available at http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
   without modification, are permitted provided that the following
   conditions are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

   - Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the
     names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without specific prior
     written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
   ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


   Copyright (C) 2009-2010, Google Inc.
   Copyright (C) 2012, Matthias Sohn <matthias.sohn@sap.com>
   and other copyright owners as documented in the project's IP log.

   This program and the accompanying materials are made available
   under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
   accompanies this distribution, is reproduced below, and is
   available at http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
   without modification, are permitted provided that the following
   conditions are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

   - Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the
     names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without specific prior
     written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
   ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 


   Copyright (C) 2014, Matthias Sohn <matthias.sohn@sap.com>
   and other copyright owners as documented in the project's IP log.

   This program and the accompanying materials are made available
   under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
   accompanies this distribution, is reproduced below, and is
   available at http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
   without modification, are permitted provided that the following
   conditions are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

   - Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the
     names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without specific prior
     written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
   ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core:current}

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-clients:current}

 TODO(cpovirk): does this comment belong on the <dependency> in <profiles>?

 Override this with -Dtest.include="**/SomeTest.java" on the CLI

 The comments in the version number are used to do a text substitution. Don't remove them.
         See checker-framework/bin/poms/updateVersion.sh


  Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
 


  Copyright 2011 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
 


  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Maven project to build and deploy J2ObjC annotations.
 


  The MIT License
 
  Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org.
 
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE. 


  The MIT License
 
  Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org.
 
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE. 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Sonatype, Inc. All rights reserved.
  ~
  ~ This program is licensed to you under the Apache License Version 2.0,
  ~ and you may not use this file except in compliance with the Apache License Version 2.0.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the Apache License Version 2.0 for the specific language governing permissions and limitations there under.
 

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 ====================================================================

 This is the parent, so only define pluginManagement, not plugins.

 Use jarjar to include a private copy of Apache Commons Codec library
           to avoid a runtime dependency conflict with Android which includes
           an older version of that library, as well as Guava JDK5.


    If you add a new module, make sure to also add it in the following places:
    * below in the dependencyManagement and maven-javadoc-plugin sections
    * google-http-client-assembly/classpath-include
    * google-http-client-assembly/pom.xml
    * google-http-client-assembly/readme.html
    * google-http-client-assembly/dependencies/<name>-dependencies.html
        (use mvn project-info-reports:dependencies and copy from
        google-http-client-<name>/target/site/dependencies.html)
    * google-http-client-assembly/android-properties/*.properties
 

 Use the core proto dir so that we can call the core generation script

 These are relative to the submodules

 Include core protos in the bundle as resources

 Include core protos in the bundle as resources

 These are relative to the submodules

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-pubsub:current}

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core-grpc:current}

 {x-version-update:google-auth-library-parent:current}

 {x-version-update:google-auth-library-parent:current}


  Copyright 2015 The Error Prone Authors.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
 


  Copyright 2011 The Error Prone Authors.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
 


  The MIT License
 
  Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org.
 
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE. 


  The MIT License
 
  Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org.
 
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE. 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 This is the parent, so only define pluginManagement, not plugins.

 {x-version-update:proto-google-cloud-pubsub-v1:current}

 {x-version-update:google-api-grpc:current}

 {x-version-update:grpc-google-cloud-pubsub-v1:current}


  Copyright (C) 2013 Google, Inc.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-storage:current}

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core-http:current}

 {x-version-update:google-oauth-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-oauth-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-api-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-api-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 We don't want to exclude transform package for core

 http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Default export should work fine...

 Woodstox 5.0 is 1.6+

 remove the versions from the map file

 General information

 General information

 Must precede junit
            See http://jmockit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/www/tutorial/RunningTests.html


Copyright 2018 Artem Labazin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright 2018 Artem Labazin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


Copyright 2018 Artem Labazin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.



    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.


 use the same values in ../pom.xml

 use the same value in ../pom.xml

 annotations are not runtime retention, so don't need a runtime dep

 Developer section is needed for Maven Central, but doesn't need to include each person



    Copyright 2015-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.


 needed for AsyncClientHttpRequestInterceptor

 ${project.groupId}:brave version is set in the root pom.
  here we set all shared versions for instrumentation

 spring-aop is required for the consumer side instrumentation point

 disable errorprone override warning as we do this intentionally to allow old clients

 implicitly servlet 3.0.1

 compile dep on 3.0.1 runtime on 2.5

 disable errorprone override warning as we do this intentionally to allow JMS 1.1

 Core

 Core dependencies

 To be overridden by individual modules

 Spring Vault



    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


   Apache Maven 2 POM generated by Apache Ivy
   http://ant.apache.org/ivy/
   Apache Ivy version: 2.4.0 20141213170938


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 



    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php




    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php




    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php




    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php


 note: does NOT change for every version of bom

 02-Oct-2015, tatu: Jackson 2.4 and above are Java 6 (earlier versions Java 5);
          Jackson 2.7 and above Java 7 (with exception of `jackson-core`/`jackson-annotations` still Java 6),
     

 to fill in mostly by children, but stupid Sonatype REQUIRES
       one developer already here
   


  ~ Copyright 2017 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 dependency for running tests


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

 These executions will be overriden in pgjdbc-jreX to delete source directories.
                             It avoids the hassle of adding the excludes of jre8 to all the sources/javadoc/compile/etc Maven plugins

 If inherited from parent pom, maven tries to add artifactId to URLs

 default check ratio : can be overriden in inherited projects


      The Unix socket dependency can be excluded safely. Byte Buddy will safely discover the
      non-availability and not use the corresponding virtual machine implementation. The
      implementation requires Java 7+ and is deactivated on Java 6 VMs.
   

 For JSONAssert


  This file is licensed to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  This file is licensed to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Central+Sync+Requirements
		https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Sonatype+OSS+Maven+Repository+Usage+Guide
		https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/How+To+Generate+PGP+Signatures+With+Maven


         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Central+Sync+Requirements
         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Sonatype+OSS+Maven+Repository+Usage+Guide
         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/How+To+Generate+PGP+Signatures+With+Maven
    


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 Guava


    <module>jsch-agent-proxy-usocket-junixsocket</module>


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 ======================================================================

 ======================================================================


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Needs updated version of animal sniffer plugin
                    <execution>
                        <id>check-test-signature</id>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>test-check</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                   


   Apache Maven 2 POM generated by Apache Ivy
   http://ant.apache.org/ivy/
   Apache Ivy version: 2.4.0 20141213170938


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
    contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
    this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
    The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version
    2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by
    applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
    the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
    OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
    License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache license, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the license for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the license.
 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Java8 takes Javadoc-Nazi attitude, insert some sanity here


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


    These groovy scripts are used later in this POM file to generate
    source files and resources for the library itself and for the
    testsuite.
   


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2016 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2016 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



      <plugin>
        <groupId>org.sonatype.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>nexus-staging-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>1.4.4</version>
        <extensions>true</extensions>
        <configuration>
          <serverId>sonatype-nexus-staging</serverId>
          <nexusUrl>https://oss.sonatype.org</nexusUrl>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
     

 Alternate execution to generate the native JAR's manifest

 Alternate execution to generate the native JAR's manifest


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 needed only for annotations



    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenTracing Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.


 Required Dependencies



    Copyright DataStax, Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 and for testing we need databin

 nexus-staging-maven-plugin


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 Quickstart & Common Reference:

     - run all tests (unit & int): mvn test
     - run only unit tests: mvn test -Dunit
     - compile and build: mvn package
     - build and install into ~/.m2: mvn install
     - skip tests on install or package add -Dmaven.test.skip
     - stage & close (but not release) on maven central: mvn clean deploy
       note that -SNAPSHOT is not allowed on deploy

   


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.


  ~ Licensed to Ted Dunning under one or more
  ~ contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  ~ this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~ The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  ~ the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 For 2.9.2 and beyond, new parent pom; extends jackson-bom


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Dependency versions


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.



    Copyright (c) 2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
    terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0
    which accompanies this distribution.
    The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
    and the Eclipse Distribution License is available at
    http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php.

    Contributors:
        Lukas Jungmann - initial implementation


 this is the license under which javassist is usually distributed
     

 Without the -nouses BND directive, the org.jboss.jandex export will get the optional 
                        ant packages in a "uses" clause.

 Licensing

 HPPC-144: esoteric combinations.


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 

 See http://java.dzone.com/articles/deploy-maven-central and http://central.sonatype.org/pages/apache-maven.html


  ~ Copyright (c) 2002-2018 "Neo Technology,"
  ~ Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB [http://neotechnology.com]
  ~
  ~ This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").
  ~ You may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
  ~
  ~ This product may include a number of subcomponents with
  ~ separate copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source
  ~ code for these subcomponents is subject to the terms and
  ~  conditions of the subcomponent's license, as noted in the LICENSE file.
 


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 explicitly target JDK 8


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 explicitly target JDK 8

 Javadoc adds /apidocs to this URL when it tries to find Javadocs. Make it happy.

 this is one of few Jackson modules that depends on parent and NOT jackson-bom

 You need a running redis+sentinel for all tests, therefore disabled by default

 Stax API jar is needed; 1.0-2 seems to be the last "official"
         version prior to JDK 6 that bundles API
     

 General information


   Apache Maven 2 POM generated by Apache Ivy
   http://ant.apache.org/ivy/
   Apache Ivy version: 2.3.0 20130110142753


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 OSGi test


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.

 
/* 
* DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER. 
* 
* Copyright 2010-2011 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
* 
* The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU 
* General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development 
* and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You 
* may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You can obtain 
* a copy of the License at https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL.html 
* or glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific 
* language governing permissions and limitations under the License. 
* 
* When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each 
* file and include the License file at glassfish/bootstrap/legal/LICENSE.txt. 
* Sun designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath" exception 
* as provided by Sun in the GPL Version 2 section of the License file that 
* accompanied this code.  If applicable, add the following below the License 
* Header, with the fields enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own 
* identifying information: "Portions Copyrighted [year] 
* [name of copyright owner]" 
* 
* Contributor(s): 
* 
* If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or 
* only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
* elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL 
* Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a 
* recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under 
* either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to 
* its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code 
* and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies 
* only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright 
* holder. 
*/ 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Bean Validation API
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 include the source files in our main jar for use by GWT


  ~ =============================================================================
  ~
  ~   Copyright (c) 2011-2018, The THYMELEAF team (http://www.thymeleaf.org)
  ~
  ~   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~   You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~   limitations under the License.
  ~
  ~ =============================================================================
 

 ============================================================================


  ~ =============================================================================
  ~
  ~   Copyright (c) 2011-2018, The THYMELEAF team (http://www.thymeleaf.org)
  ~
  ~   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~   You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~   limitations under the License.
  ~
  ~ =============================================================================
 

 =========================================================================

 =========================================================================


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2018 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 Testing


  ~ Copyright 2012 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 

 Testing

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2011 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Make sure MANIFEST.MF generated by maven-bundle-plugin is used for final JAR


   Copyright 2013 Stephen Connolly.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license

 this POM is released under an Apache 2.0 license


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  ~ Hibernate Validator, declare and validate application constraints
  ~
  ~ License: Apache License, Version 2.0
  ~ See the license.txt file in the root directory or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.
 

 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.


 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
 Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for
 license information.

Cloud Foundry suppor


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


 Copyright Microsoft Corporation

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 Spring

 Copyright Microsoft Corporation Licensed under the Apache License, Version 
	2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with 
	the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed 
	under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES 
	OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for 
	the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

 Spring

 Project dependencies


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

 <developerConnection>scm:git:git@github.com:jhy/jsoup.git</developerConnection>



    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.



ApplicationInsights-Java
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation
All rights reserved.

MIT License
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

 Atmosphere

 Project dependencies

 With Jackson 2.9 we will require JDK 7 (except for annotations/streaming),
         and new language features (diamond pattern) may be used.
         JDK classes are still loaded dynamically since there isn't much downside
         (small number of types); this allows use on JDK 6 platforms still (including
         Android)
     

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 From JDK 9 onwards, the JAXB dependency needs to be made explicit

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo



    Copyright (C) 2014-2018 Philip Helger (www.helger.com)
    philip[at]helger[dot]com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the test

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the demo

 Dependencies for the test

 Dependencies for the demo


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2009-2013 Roland Huss
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 General information


   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
 



    Copyright 2010-2018 Boxfuse GmbH

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


 Version will be automatically replaced

ciManagement>
        <system>jenkins</system>
        <url>https://snakeyaml.ci.cloudbees.com/job/SnakeYAML/</url>
    </ciManagemen

 Must be after log4j-over-slf4j:
         * we want to use the classes from log4j-over-slf4j (so it must come first);
         * we want to use log4j.dtd from log4j.

 ConsoleAppenderTest redirects System.out which is not well tolerated by Maven



       Copyright 2015-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.




       Copyright 2015-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.



  ~ Copyright 2014-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 



       Copyright 2010-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.



  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright (C) 2014 jsonwebtoken.io
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2014 The Netty Project
  ~
  ~ The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
  ~ version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  ~ WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  ~ License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 



       Copyright 2009-2018 the original author or authors.

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.


 Spring Framework


   Copyright (C) 2014, Matthias Sohn <matthias.sohn@sap.com>
   and other copyright owners as documented in the project's IP log.

   This program and the accompanying materials are made available
   under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
   accompanies this distribution, is reproduced below, and is
   available at http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
   without modification, are permitted provided that the following
   conditions are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

   - Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the
     names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without specific prior
     written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
   ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core:current}


  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  Maven project to build and deploy J2ObjC annotations.
 

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 ====================================================================

 Use the core proto dir so that we can call the core generation script


  ~ Copyright 2013-2018 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-pubsub:current}

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core-grpc:current}

 {x-version-update:google-auth-library-parent:current}

 {x-version-update:proto-google-cloud-pubsub-v1:current}

 {x-version-update:grpc-google-cloud-pubsub-v1:current}


  Copyright 2015 The Error Prone Authors.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
 


   Copyright (C) 2009, Google Inc.
   Copyright (C) 2009, Igor Fedorenko <igor@ifedorenko.com>
   Copyright (C) 2008, Imran M Yousuf <imyousuf@smartitengineering.com>
   Copyright (C) 2010, Matthias Sohn <matthias.sohn@sap.com>
   and other copyright owners as documented in the project's IP log.

   This program and the accompanying materials are made available
   under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
   accompanies this distribution, is reproduced below, and is
   available at http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
   without modification, are permitted provided that the following
   conditions are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

   - Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the
     names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without specific prior
     written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
   ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


  The MIT License
 
  Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org.
 
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE. 

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-core-http:current}

 {x-version-update:google-cloud-storage:current}

 {x-version-update:google-oauth-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-api-client:current}

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 {x-version-update:google-http-client-parent:current}

 Include core protos in the bundle as resources

 Generate PackageVersion.java into this directory.

 http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html

 We don't want to exclude transform package for core

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Build does not work on Java 9 or later as Java 5 is not a valid target


    Inherit from the ANTLR master pom, which tells us what
    version we are and allows us to inherit dependencies
    and so on.
   

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


        The version number defined here in the version tag indicates how the
        jar is named and released. When it ends with SNAPSHOT, it will be stored
        in your local repository (~/m2 on UNIX) as stringtemplate-X.Y-SNAPSHOT, but
        will be deplyed to the ANTLR snapshot repository at antlr.org with the word
        SNAPSHOT replaced with the the data, time and unique number.
   


  <scm>
    <connection>scm:svn:https://jsr311.dev.java.net/svn/jsr311/trunk/src</connection>
    <developerConnection>scm:svn:https://jsr311.dev.java.net/svn/jsr311/trunk/src</developerConnection>
  </scm>


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.




    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



     | CGLIB is embedded by default by the JarJar build profile
   


     Copyright (C) 2006 Joe Walnes.
     Copyright (C) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 XStream committers.
     All rights reserved.
     
     The software in this package is published under the terms of the BSD
     style license a copy of which has been included with this distribution in
     the LICENSE.txt file.
     
     Created on 29. July 2006 by Mauro Talevi
    



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Default export should work fine...



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    http://glassfish.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


 Woodstox 5.0 is 1.6+

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


 ! ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 ! Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom
 ! All rights reserved.
 !
 ! Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 ! modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 ! are met:
 ! 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 ! 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 !    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 !    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 ! 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 !    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 !    this software without specific prior written permission.
 !
 ! THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 ! AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 ! IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ! ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 ! LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 ! CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 ! SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 ! INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 ! CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ! ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 ! THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 remove the versions from the map file


Copyright 2018 Artem Labazin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

 General information


Copyright 2018 Artem Labazin

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.



    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2012-2018 The Feign Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.


 annotations are not runtime retention, so don't need a runtime dep

 needed for AsyncClientHttpRequestInterceptor

 spring-aop is required for the consumer side instrumentation point

 disable errorprone override warning as we do this intentionally to allow old clients

 implicitly servlet 3.0.1

 compile dep on 3.0.1 runtime on 2.5

 disable errorprone override warning as we do this intentionally to allow JMS 1.1


   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.


 Core dependencies



    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.




    Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenZipkin Authors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
    in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License
    is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
    or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
    the License.



   ====================================================================
   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.
   ====================================================================

   This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
   individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
   information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
   <http://www.apache.org />.



    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 



    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php




    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php




    Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original author or authors.

    This software is distributable under the BSD license. See the terms of the
    BSD license in the documentation provided with this software.

    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php


 dependency for running tests

 The dependencies section in pom.xml is auto generated. No manual changes are allowed


      The Unix socket dependency can be excluded safely. Byte Buddy will safely discover the
      non-availability and not use the corresponding virtual machine implementation. The
      implementation requires Java 7+ and is deactivated on Java 6 VMs.
   

 For JSONAssert


  This file is licensed to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

 https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Central+Sync+Requirements
		https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Sonatype+OSS+Maven+Repository+Usage+Guide
		https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/How+To+Generate+PGP+Signatures+With+Maven


    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
 


         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Central+Sync+Requirements
         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/Sonatype+OSS+Maven+Repository+Usage+Guide
         https://docs.sonatype.org/display/Repository/How+To+Generate+PGP+Signatures+With+Maven
    


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.


 ~ Copyright (c) 2010, 2014 Sonatype, Inc.
 ~ All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials
 ~ are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0
 ~ which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
 ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
 ~
 ~ Contributors:
 ~    Sonatype, Inc. - initial API and implementation


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Extends Jackson core, databind (optional); uses SnakeYAML for parsing, generation


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 


  ~ Copyright 2013 the original author or authors.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
 

 ======================================================================


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

 Needs updated version of animal sniffer plugin
                    <execution>
                        <id>check-test-signature</id>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>test-check</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                   



    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 1997-2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1
    or LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.



  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
 


   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
   contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
   this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
   The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
   (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

